Improving burden_level vignette (#60)
ssi-dk/aedseo: vignettes/burden_levels.Rmd

```

To provide a concise overview of how the `seasonal_burden_levels()` algorithm operates, we utilize the same example data presented
in the `vignette("aedseo")`. The plot below illustrates the two methods available for estiming burden levels in the
`combined_seasonal_output()` function:

> - **`intensity_levels`**: Intended for within season classification of observations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`intensity_levels`**: Intended for within-season classification of observations.
```

Historical data from all available seasons is used to establish the levels for the current season.
This is done by:

- Using `n` highest (peak) observations from each season.
- Selecting only observations if they surpass the disease-specific threshold.
- Weighting the observations such that recent observations have a greater influence than older observations.
- A proper distribution (log-normal, weibull and exponential are currently implemented) is fitted to the weighted
 `n` peak observations. The selected distribution with the fitted parameters is used to calculate percentiles to be used as breakpoints.
- Burden levels can be defined by two methods:
  - `peak_levels` which models the height of the seasonal peaks. Using the log-normal distribution without weights is similar
  to the default in [mem](https://github.com/lozalojo/mem).

>  - `intensity_levels` which models the within season levels. The highest breakpoint is coinciding with the `peak_levels` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `intensity_levels` which models the within-season levels. The highest breakpoint is coinciding with the `peak_levels` method.
```

>  - `intensity_levels` which models the within season levels. The highest breakpoint is coinciding with the `peak_levels` method.

Reviewer: "coinciding" implies that it is not intentional. It is intentional right?
```suggestion
 - `intensity_levels` which models the within season levels. The highest breakpoint is identical with the `peak_levels` method.
```

 Intermediate breakpoints are evenly distributed on a logaritmic scale, between the `very low` and `high` breakpoints,
 to give the same relative difference between the breakpoints.

The model is implemented in the `seasonal_burden_levels()` function of the `aedseo` package.
In the following sections we will describe the arguments for the function and how the model is build.

#### Peak observations

> `n_peak` observations are used to describe the number of highest observations that are used from each season.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `n_peak` argument defines the number of highest observations to be included from each season.
```

> The default of `n_peak` is `6` - this is similar to using latest five seasons in `mem`.

Reviewer: I am confused about this sentence. mem uses 30 observations right?
```suggestion
The default value of `n_peak` is `6` - corresponding with the `mem` defaults of using 30 observations across the latest five seasons.
```

Author: is uses 30/n, where n is number of seasons, so if we have 5 seasons it uses 6
